com.android.run.demo.pedometer.Pedometer
com.android.run.demo.pedometer.Pedometer: Pedometer()
com.android.run.demo.pedometer.Settings
com.android.run.demo.pedometer.Settings: Settings()
com.android.run.demo.pedometer.StepService
com.android.run.demo.pedometer.StepService: StepService()
com.android.run.demo.pedometer.preferences.BodyWeightPreference
com.android.run.demo.pedometer.preferences.EditMeasurementPreference
com.android.run.demo.pedometer.preferences.StepLengthPreference
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int exercise_type_preference
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int exercise_type_preference_values
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int maintain_preference
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int maintain_preference_values
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int operation_level_preference
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int operation_level_preference_values
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int sensitivity_preference
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int sensitivity_preference_values
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int speaking_interval_preference
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int speaking_interval_preference_values
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int units_preference
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$array: int units_preference_values
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$color: int display_background
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$color: int screen_background
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int box_width
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int button
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int button_sign
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int desired_pace
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int desired_pace_width
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int distance
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int large_half
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int margin
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int padding
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int row_height
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int row_spacing
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int small_value
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int step_count
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int third_box_width
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int third_box_width_middle
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int units
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$dimen: int value
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$drawable: int ic_notification
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$drawable: int icon
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$drawable: int line40
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int box_calories
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int box_distance
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int box_pace
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int box_speed
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int box_steps
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int button_desired_pace_lower
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int button_desired_pace_raise
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int calories_units
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int calories_value
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int desired_pace_control
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int desired_pace_label
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int desired_pace_value
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int distance_units
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int distance_value
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int pace_units
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int pace_value
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int row_1
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int row_2
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int speed_units
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int speed_value
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int step_units
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$id: int step_value
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$layout: int main
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int activity_settings
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int app_name
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int body_weight_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int body_weight_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int body_weight_setting_title
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int calories_burned
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int centimeters
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int desired_pace
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int desired_speed
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int exercise_type_running
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int exercise_type_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int exercise_type_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int exercise_type_setting_title
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int exercise_type_walking
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int extra_high
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int extra_low
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int high
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int higher
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int inches
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int incorrect_step_length
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int interval_10_minutes
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int interval_15_seconds
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int interval_1_minute
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int interval_2_minutes
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int interval_30_seconds
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int interval_5_minutes
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int keep_screen_on
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int kilograms
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int kilometers
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int kilometers_per_hour
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int low
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int lower
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int maintain_nothing
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int maintain_pace
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int maintain_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int maintain_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int maintain_setting_title
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int maintain_speed
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int medium
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int miles
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int miles_per_hour
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int notification_subtitle
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int operation_level_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int operation_level_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int operation_level_setting_title
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int pause
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int pounds
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int quit
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int reset
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int resume
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int run_in_background
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int sensitivity_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int sensitivity_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int sensitivity_setting_title
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int settings
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int speaking_interval_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int speaking_interval_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int started
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int step_length_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int step_length_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int step_length_setting_title
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int steps
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int steps_per_minute
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int steps_settings_title
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int stopped
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_calories_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_calories_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_distance_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_distance_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_fasterslower_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_fasterslower_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_pace_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_pace_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_speed_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_speed_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_steps_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_steps_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int tell_what
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int units_imperial
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int units_metric
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int units_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int units_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int units_setting_title
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int very_high
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int very_low
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int voice_setting
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int voice_setting_details
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int voice_settings_title
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$string: int wake_up
name.bagi.levente.pedometer.R$xml: int preferences
